ABI	Application Binary Interface

ACD	In telephony, an automatic call distributor (ACD) or automated call distribution system, is a device or system that distributes incoming calls to a specific group of terminals or agents based on the customer's selection, customer's telephone number, selected incoming line to the system, or time of day the call was processed.
ACL	An access control list (ACL), with respect to a computer file system, is a list of permissions attached to an object.

ADC	In electronics, an analog-to-digital converter (ADC, A/D, A-D, or A-to-D) is a system that converts an analog signal, such as a sound picked up by a microphone or light entering a digital camera, into a digital signal.
ADF	Amiga Disk File (ADF) is a file format used by Amiga computers and emulators to store images of disks.

AGL	Apple Graphics Library or AGL is the Apple Inc. API for use of OpenGL 3D graphics within Carbon windows.
AGP	The Accelerated Graphics Port (AGP) is a high-speed point-to-point channel for attaching a video card to a computer system, primarily to assist in the acceleration of 3D computer graphics.

AIX	AIX (Advanced Interactive eXecutive) is a series of proprietary Unix operating systems developed and sold by IBM for several of its computer platforms.

ALU	An arithmetic logic unit (ALU) is a combinational digital electronic circuit that performs arithmetic and bitwise operations on integer binary numbers.

API	Application Programming Interface

ARM	ARM, originally Acorn RISC Machine, later Advanced RISC Machine, is a family of reduced instruction set computing (RISC) architectures for computer processors, configured for various environments.
ARP	The Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) is a telecommunication protocol used for resolution of Internet layer addresses into link layer addresses, a critical function in computer networks.

ASG	In computer science, an abstract semantic graph (ASG) or term graph is a form of abstract syntax in which an expression of a formal or programming language is represented by a graph whose vertices are the expression's subterms.
ASP	An application service provider (ASP) is a business providing computer-based services to customers over a network; such as access to a particular software application (such as customer relationship management) using a standard protocol (such as HTTP).
AST	In computer science, an abstract syntax tree (AST), or just syntax tree, is a tree representation of the abstract syntactic structure of source code written in a programming language.

ATA	AT Attachment (ATA/ATAPI), the old name of Parallel ATA, an older interface for computer storage devices
ATL	The Active Template Library (ATL) is a set of template-based C++ classes developed by Microsoft, intended to simplify the programming of Component Object Model (COM) objects.
ATM	Asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) is, according to the ATM Forum, "a telecommunications concept defined by ANSI and ITU (formerly CCITT) standards for carriage of a complete range of user traffic, including voice, data, and video signals".
ATX	ATX (Advanced Technology eXtended) is a motherboard configuration specification developed by Intel in 1995 to improve on previous de facto standards like the AT design.

AVX	Advanced Vector Extensions (AVX) are extensions to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD.

