CAA	DNS Certification Authority Authorization (CAA) uses the Internet's Domain Name System to specify which certificate authorities may be regarded as authoritative for a domain.
CAD	Computer Aided Design

CDN	A content delivery network or content distribution network (CDN) is a globally distributed network of proxy servers deployed in multiple data centers. 

CFG	A context-free grammar (CFG) is a term used in formal language theory to describe a certain type of formal grammar.

CGA	The Color Graphics Adapter (CGA), originally also called the Color/Graphics Adapter or IBM Color/Graphics Monitor Adapter, introduced in 1981, was IBM's first graphics card and first color display card for the IBM PC.
CGL	Core OpenGL, or CGL, is Apple Inc.'s Macintosh Quartz windowing system interface to the OS X implementation of the OpenGL specification.

CLI	A command-line interface or command language interpreter (CLI), also known as command-line user interface, console user interface, and character user interface (CUI), is a means of interacting with a computer program where the user (or client) issues commands to the program in the form of successive lines of text (command lines).
CLS	CLear Screen

CMS	A content management system (CMS) is a computer application that supports the creation and modification of digital content. It is often used to support multiple users working in a collaborative environment.

COM	Component Object Model (COM) is a binary-interface standard for software components introduced by Microsoft in 1993.

CPU	A central processing unit (CPU) is the electronic circuitry within a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer program by performing the basic arithmetic, logical, control and input/output (I/O) operations specified by the instructions.	

CRC	A cyclic redundancy check (CRC) is an error-detecting code commonly used in digital networks and storage devices to detect accidental changes to raw data.
CRT	Cathode Ray Tube

CSS	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language.
CSV	In computing, a comma-separated values (CSV) file stores tabular data (numbers and text) in plain text.

CTI	Computer telephony integration, also called computer-telephone integration or CTI, is a common name for any technology that allows interactions on a telephone and a computer to be integrated or coordinated.

