DAA	Data Access Arrangement (DAA) is data circuit-terminating equipment (DCE) supplied or approved by a common carrier that permits a DCE or data terminal equipment (DTE) to be attached to the common carrier network.
DAC	In electronics, a digital-to-analog converter (DAC, D/A, D-A, D2A, or D-to-A) is a device that converts a digital signal into an analog signal.

DBI	-

DDR	In computing, a computer bus operating with double data rate (DDR) transfers data on both the rising and falling edges of the clock signal.

DIB	The device independent bitmap (DIB) file format or simply a bitmap (BMP), is a raster graphics image file format used to store bitmap digital images, independently of the display device.
DIT	A Directory Information Tree (DIT) is data represented in a hierarchical tree-like structure consisting of the Distinguished Names (DNs) of directory service entries.

DMS	The Disk Masher System (DMS) was an often used method on the Amiga, to create a compressed image of a disk (usually floppy). 

DNS	The Domain Name System (DNS) is a hierarchical decentralized naming system for computers, services, or any resource connected to the Internet or a private network.

DOM	The Document Object Model (DOM) is a cross-platform and language-independent application programming interface that treats an HTML, XHTML, or XML document as a tree structure wherein each node is an object representing a part of the document. 
DOS	Disk Operating System (DOS) is a family of several very similar command-line computer operating systems for x86-based computers: primarily MS-DOS and PC DOS, but also DR-DOS, FreeDOS, ROM-DOS, and PTS-DOS.

DRM	Digital rights management (DRM) schemes are various access control technologies that are used to restrict usage of proprietary hardware and copyrighted works.
DRY	In software engineering, don't repeat yourself (DRY) is a principle of software development, aimed at reducing repetition of information of all kinds, especially useful in multi-tier architectures.

DSA	The Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) is a Federal Information Processing Standard for digital signatures.
DSE	A Directory Server Agent (DSA) Service Entry
DSL	Digital subscriber line (DSL; originally digital subscriber loop) is a family of technologies that are used to transmit digital data over telephone lines.
DSP	Digital signal processing (DSP) is the use of digital processing, such as by computers, to perform a wide variety of signal processing operations.

DVD	Digital Video Disc (DVD) is a digital optical disc storage format invented and developed by Philips, Sony, Toshiba, and Panasonic in 1995.
DVI	Digital Visual Interface (DVI) is a video display interface developed by the Digital Display Working Group (DDWG).

